v2.1.0 + style-spec v13.19.0 changelogs (#10336)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.1.0

### ✨ Features and improvements

- Added `localFontFamily` map option that enables local generation of all font glyphs. ([#10298](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/10298))
- Introduced high resolution local glyph generation for improved rendering quality of glyphs generated using `localIdeographFontFamily` or `localFontFamily` options. ([#10298](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/10298))
- Added `optimizeForTerrain` map option allowing to use terrain in _layer draw-order_ or _performance_ priority mode. This fixes terrain not always preserving layer draw-order during animations by making the behavior explicit. ([#10258](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/10258))
- Improved performance by slightly shifting the horizon down, reducing the number of tiles loaded for highly-pitched maps. ([#10304](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/10304))

> - Improved event-based APIs ergonomic `evented.once(eventName` by returning a promise if no listener function is provided, which allows them to be used with `async/await`. ([#10203](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/10203))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved `evented.once(eventName)` to return a promise if no listener function is provided, which allows using `async/await` with map events for a simpler and more readable code. ([#10203](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/10203))
```

> - Improved `evented.once(eventName)` to return a promise if no listener function is provided, which allows using `async/await` with map events for a simpler and more readable code. ([#10203](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/10203))

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: 
Enabled the use of `async/await` with map events by returning a promise when `evented.once(eventName)` is called with no listener function provided.
